Hello, I want to present to your inspection
knife and wood folding which I did
myself
to make a knife
It took about seven hours in total
the complexity of the tree of and the light of which
make this knife is pine on
handles and ash blade what is very
it was interesting that what I’m for
so afraid it is that it is straight that the blade
will hang out very, very much so
here to bend but this is not even if
this tree is not observed by
about the fixation mechanism, then you can
say such here there is such a thing
she put it here
That's the way a matchstick is also
knife is inserted like this
pretty big for folding
Here for example my second knife you can
see a big difference you blade length
and width
about the exact blade it turned out
about four millimeters in principle
much for a folding knife what
subscribe put likes for now